README.md, before:

### Ardunio Hardware Support Package for LGT8F's 
##

### Task status

- [x] PWM & Timers update
- [x] Fast_IO update
- [ ] Analog Comparator
- [ ] Differential Amplifier update 
- [ ] Computation Accelerator

### Summary
Larduino_HSP is 3'rd party hardware support package for LGT8F core based arduino boards.<br>
The backend of **HSP** fork from offical arduino distribution. We have try to keep all the standard <br>
features compatible with arduino world. So feel free to resuse all of the libraries which designed for arduino platform.<br><br>
Microcontroller based on LGT8F, e.g LGT8F328P has more advanced features which not <br>
covered in standard arduino implementation. so there are also many new features merged to this<br> 3'rd party package. Important update and new features as following:<br>

* *External/Internal crystal can be selected at runtime*
* *Fast_IO interface for fast I/O speed and small code size*
* *Full configurable PWM features, including complementary and dead-band control*
* *Differential Amplifier front-end for 12bit Analog-to-Digital converter*
* *1/2 channel 8bit Digtial-to-Analog output, campatible with `analogWrite()`*
* *More standalone I/Os*

##### *Fast_IO code snippets*

```C
void setup() {
	//set D10 to output
	fastioMode(D10, OUTPUT);

	// driver D10 to low level
	fastioWrite(D10, LOW);
}

void loop() {
	// toggle D10
	fastioToggle(D10);
}
```

##### *PWM code snippets : Solo mode*

```C
void setup() {
	// usage: pwmMode(pin, pwm_mode, freq_mode)
	// PWM_MODE_SOLO: set pwm of D5/D6 to independent mode
	// PWM_FREQ_FAST: set PWM to fast mode 
	pwmMode(D5, PWM_MODE_SOLO, PWM_FREQ_FAST);

	// usage: pwmResolution(pin, res_bits)
	// set PWM resolution to 7bit
	pwmResolution(D5, 7);
	// or we can set PWM frequency directly
	// usage: pwmFrequency(pin, freq_in_hz)
	// pwmFrequency(D5, 500000);

	// usage: pwmWrite(pin, duty)
	// Note that we have set PWM resolution to 7bit
	pwmWrite(D5, 128 >> 1);
	pwmWrite(D6, 128 >> 2);
}
```

##### *PWM code snippets : Duo/Complementary mode*

```C
// dead-band settings for complementary PWM
int deadBand = 8;
int dutyMax;

void setup() {
	// usage: pwmMode(pin, pwm_mode, freq_mode)
	// PWM_MODE_DUO1: set pwm of D5/D6 to DUO1 mode (complementary)
	// PWM_FREQ_FAST: set PWM to fast mode
	// PWM_FREQ_BOOST: boost frequency by x4
	// deadBand: set dead-band cycle for PWM 
	pwmMode(D5, PWM_MODE_DUO1, PWM_FREQ_FAST|PWM_FREQ_BOOST, deadBand);

	// we can set PWM frequency directly
	// usage: pwmFrequency(pin, freq_in_hz)
	// set PWM frequency to 300KHz, return its duty resolution
	dutyMax = pwmFrequency(D5, 300000);

	// usage: pwmWrite(pin, duty)
	// Note: maximum duty is calcuated when set pwm frequency
	pwmWrite(D5, dutyMax >> 2);
	pwmWrite(D6, dutyMax >> 2);
}
```


> More detail will be documented in comming Wiki page

### Bootloader 
Larduino HSP is based on optiboot. Source can be found inside [bootloader directory](https://github.com/LGTMCU/Larduino_HSP/tree/master/hardware/LGT/avr/bootloaders/lgt8fx8p)

* *Bootloader upload baudrate: 57600bps*
	
### Installation:
1. Unzip Larduino_HSP_vX.X.rar
1. Copy [**hardware**] directory to Arduino's sketchbook directory
1. Restart Arduino, you will see new board from [**Tools**]->[**Border**] menu.

### About arduino's sketchbook directory

You can always find this directory from **[File]->[Preferences]** menu.
Here is the default sketchbook directory for most popluar system:

| System | Path of sketchbook |
| :----- | :----------------- |
| Windows | C:\Users\<Username>\Documents\Arduino |
| Mac OSX | /Users/user/Documents/Arduino |
| LINUX | /home/<Username\>/sketchbook |

### Arduino Board based on LGT8F's
Here we list one remarkable arduino board based on LGT8F, which is designed by **[OCROBOT](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=start)**<br>
[ALPHA 8F382P-U](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:main) stick, with USB to UART on board. You can afford it just of **RMB 8.00**. <br>
![](http://www.ocrobot.com/lib/exe/fetch.php?w=400&tok=f15324&media=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:328p-u%E4%BE%A7%E9%9D%A2435.png)<br>
Please follow **[OCROBOT ALPHA 8F832P-U](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:main)** official page for more details.

Commit message:

32MHz board def and missing LED_BUILTIN

README.md, after:

### Ardunio Hardware Support Package for LGT8F's 
##

Forked from : https://github.com/LGTMCU/Larduino_HSP

### Modifications in this fork :
- [X] added 32MHz boards definitions
- [X] defined missing LED_BUILTIN

### Task status

- [x] PWM & Timers update
- [x] Fast_IO update
- [ ] Analog Comparator
- [ ] Differential Amplifier update 
- [ ] Computation Accelerator

### Summary
Larduino_HSP is 3'rd party hardware support package for LGT8F core based arduino boards.<br>
The backend of **HSP** fork from offical arduino distribution. We have try to keep all the standard <br>
features compatible with arduino world. So feel free to resuse all of the libraries which designed for arduino platform.<br><br>
Microcontroller based on LGT8F, e.g LGT8F328P has more advanced features which not <br>
covered in standard arduino implementation. so there are also many new features merged to this<br> 3'rd party package. Important update and new features as following:<br>

* *External/Internal crystal can be selected at runtime*
* *Fast_IO interface for fast I/O speed and small code size*
* *Full configurable PWM features, including complementary and dead-band control*
* *Differential Amplifier front-end for 12bit Analog-to-Digital converter*
* *1/2 channel 8bit Digtial-to-Analog output, campatible with `analogWrite()`*
* *More standalone I/Os*

##### *Fast_IO code snippets*

```C
void setup() {
	//set D10 to output
	fastioMode(D10, OUTPUT);

	// driver D10 to low level
	fastioWrite(D10, LOW);
}

void loop() {
	// toggle D10
	fastioToggle(D10);
}
```

##### *PWM code snippets : Solo mode*

```C
void setup() {
	// usage: pwmMode(pin, pwm_mode, freq_mode)
	// PWM_MODE_SOLO: set pwm of D5/D6 to independent mode
	// PWM_FREQ_FAST: set PWM to fast mode 
	pwmMode(D5, PWM_MODE_SOLO, PWM_FREQ_FAST);

	// usage: pwmResolution(pin, res_bits)
	// set PWM resolution to 7bit
	pwmResolution(D5, 7);
	// or we can set PWM frequency directly
	// usage: pwmFrequency(pin, freq_in_hz)
	// pwmFrequency(D5, 500000);

	// usage: pwmWrite(pin, duty)
	// Note that we have set PWM resolution to 7bit
	pwmWrite(D5, 128 >> 1);
	pwmWrite(D6, 128 >> 2);
}
```

##### *PWM code snippets : Duo/Complementary mode*

```C
// dead-band settings for complementary PWM
int deadBand = 8;
int dutyMax;

void setup() {
	// usage: pwmMode(pin, pwm_mode, freq_mode)
	// PWM_MODE_DUO1: set pwm of D5/D6 to DUO1 mode (complementary)
	// PWM_FREQ_FAST: set PWM to fast mode
	// PWM_FREQ_BOOST: boost frequency by x4
	// deadBand: set dead-band cycle for PWM 
	pwmMode(D5, PWM_MODE_DUO1, PWM_FREQ_FAST|PWM_FREQ_BOOST, deadBand);

	// we can set PWM frequency directly
	// usage: pwmFrequency(pin, freq_in_hz)
	// set PWM frequency to 300KHz, return its duty resolution
	dutyMax = pwmFrequency(D5, 300000);

	// usage: pwmWrite(pin, duty)
	// Note: maximum duty is calcuated when set pwm frequency
	pwmWrite(D5, dutyMax >> 2);
	pwmWrite(D6, dutyMax >> 2);
}
```


> More detail will be documented in comming Wiki page

### Bootloader 
Larduino HSP is based on optiboot. Source can be found inside [bootloader directory](https://github.com/LGTMCU/Larduino_HSP/tree/master/hardware/LGT/avr/bootloaders/lgt8fx8p)

* *Bootloader upload baudrate: 57600bps*
	
### Installation:
1. Unzip Larduino_HSP_vX.X.rar
1. Copy [**hardware**] directory to Arduino's sketchbook directory
1. Restart Arduino, you will see new board from [**Tools**]->[**Border**] menu.

### About arduino's sketchbook directory

You can always find this directory from **[File]->[Preferences]** menu.
Here is the default sketchbook directory for most popluar system:

| System | Path of sketchbook |
| :----- | :----------------- |
| Windows | C:\Users\<Username>\Documents\Arduino |
| Mac OSX | /Users/user/Documents/Arduino |
| LINUX | /home/<Username\>/sketchbook |

### Arduino Board based on LGT8F's
Here we list one remarkable arduino board based on LGT8F, which is designed by **[OCROBOT](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=start)**<br>
[ALPHA 8F382P-U](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:main) stick, with USB to UART on board. You can afford it just of **RMB 8.00**. <br>
![](http://www.ocrobot.com/lib/exe/fetch.php?w=400&tok=f15324&media=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:328p-u%E4%BE%A7%E9%9D%A2435.png)<br>
Please follow **[OCROBOT ALPHA 8F832P-U](http://www.ocrobot.com/doku.php?id=ocrobot:alpha:8f328p-u:main)** official page for more details.
